Congratulations, Mr. Chen
Your congratulations.
Do you mean it?
I figured it out.
I shouldn't have meddled in my sister's life
Lin's Group's Inheritance Rights
Be nice to my sister after I give up
Of course he's my wife
Sister, everything before is in the past
Now Shixian and I are ready to start over
Congratulations, sister.
I have decided to return to the United States
Collaboration between Shure Group and Lin's Group
But handed it over to Assistant Liu to handle it
Are you saying that Shure Group is going to inject capital into Lin's?
Of course, helping you is helping my sister.
Yes, I said it, and my sister has agreed.
Uncle Li, what are you trying to do?
Help Chen Shixian rise to fame?